Github access token - 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

Dating App -

1. create a new folder -> mkdir DatingApp
2. for getting dotnet info -> dotnet --info 
3. for getting help related to dotnet - dotnet -h
4. for getting help related to command - dotnet commandname -h. example -> dotnet new --list
5. for creating new sln - dotnet new sln
6. for creating new api project - dotnet new webapi -n API
7. for adding project in sln - dotnet sln add API
8. to list the project under a sln - dotnet sln list
9. open visual studio code from cmd - code .
10. install c# compiler 'C#' extension
11. Go to c# extension settings, in settings enable async completion and enable import completion
12. For .vscode folder go to command pellete and search .net generate assets and debug
13. In omnisharp is not working properly, set Omnisharp: Path = latest
14. For changing the launch profile - dotnet run -lp https
15. To exclude certain files and folder, go to settings in visual studio code. search 'exclude' and add pattern of it
16. To add a migration dotnet ef migrations add InitialCreate -o Data/Migrations
17. To update dotnet ef to new version, dotnet tool update --global dotnet-ef --version 6.0.10
18. Git - for checking whether a project is already on git we can use git status command
19. To upload a project on git begin with git init
20. To remove unwanted file from our project to upload in github, we can use dotnet new gitignore
21. also add dotnet new globaljson 
22. Then stage the changes with + sign
23. Create a new repository in github
24. Check git status if it says branch master change it to main by this command  git branch -M main
25. Add the command copied from the github to publish the repo to the git hub, for ex - git remote add origin https://github.com/HuzeifaAmbua/DatingApp.git
26. Finally publish branch from visual studio code git extension
27. To install angular cli, npm install -g @angular/cli@14
28. To create a new angular project, ng new client
29. If cors does not work, add cors in program.cs
30. In angular, add ngx-bootstrap https://valor-software.com/ if cli way does not work use manual way
31. Then install bootstrap npm install bootstrap@5
32. Then install font-awesome, npm install font-awesome
32. Go to angular.json file, and in styles array add bootstrap and font awesome css
33. To run angular app on ssl, we need to install certificate which is provide in student resources.
34. Follow the instructions and then create a folder ssl in client folder, and paste server.srt and server.key.
35. Put the server file and server key in angular.json in "serve" config
36. To disable hot reload, dotnet watch --no-hot-reload